This is an edited version of the README file of the Independent JPEG Group

The software from the Independent JPEG Group (IJG) implements JPEG baseline, 
extended-sequential, and progressive compression processes.  The software
has been updated on a more or less regular basis by IJG.

The "official" archive site for this software is ftp.uu.net (Internet
address 192.48.96.9).  The most recent released version can always be found
there in directory graphics/jpeg.  If you are on the Internet, you
can retrieve files from ftp.uu.net by standard anonymous FTP.  If you don't
have FTP access, UUNET's archives are also available via UUCP; contact
help@uunet.uu.net for information on retrieving files that way.

Numerous Internet sites maintain copies of the UUNET files; in particular,
you can probably find a copy at any site that archives comp.sources.misc
submissions.  However, only ftp.uu.net is guaranteed to have the latest
official version.

You can also obtain this software from CompuServe, in the GRAPHSUPPORT forum
(GO GRAPHSUP), library 12 "JPEG Tools".  Again, CompuServe is not guaranteed
to have the very latest version.

The JPEG FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) article is a useful source of
general information about JPEG.  It is updated constantly and therefore is
not included in this distribution.  The FAQ is posted every two weeks to
Usenet newsgroups comp.graphics, news.answers, and other groups.  You can
always obtain the latest version from the news.answers archive at
rtfm.mit.edu.  By FTP, fetch /pub/usenet/news.answers/jpeg-faq/part1 and
.../part2.  If you don't have FTP, send e-mail to mail-server@rtfm.mit.edu
with body
	send usenet/news.answers/jpeg-faq/part1
	send usenet/news.answers/jpeg-faq/part2



Serious users of this software (particularly those incorporating it into
larger programs) should contact IJG at jpeg-info@uunet.uu.net to be added to
our electronic mailing list.  Mailing list members are notified of updates
and have a chance to participate in technical discussions, etc.

This software is the work of Tom Lane, Philip Gladstone, Luis Ortiz, Jim
Boucher, Lee Crocker, Julian Minguillon, George Phillips, Davide Rossi,
Ge' Weijers, and other members of the Independent JPEG Group.

IJG is not associated with the official ISO JPEG standards committee.

